Just a quick note to alert you that a fake twitter account was recently created by someone, using my channel name and channel icon
and responding to other users as me
Several friends have reported this violation to twitter
Obviously this kind of identity theft and online deception is nothing new
And it just serves as another reminder to be wary of who we're interacting with when we're not face to face
It's not always who we think
For future reference; I'm not on twitter or facebook
So you can be sure any profiles claiming to be me, or to speak on my behalf, are fake
Any genuine links to other platforms will be authenticated by me through this youtube channel
Thanks for your vigilance
peace